Derive the discovery vocabulary for ONE artwork from its ALREADY APPROVED editorial reading.
Return only one valid JSON object. Do not use markdown.

You are NOT translating an existing keyword list. A translated keyword stops being a search: nobody
types the literal translation of a phrase written for another language. You are deriving fresh
terms, in the target language, from the reading below — the way someone speaking that language would
actually name what this work is and what it makes them feel.

You are not looking at the artwork. Every visual, material or conceptual claim must already be
present in the approved reading. Do not add a colour, a count or a material that is not there.

WHAT TO RETURN
Between 10 and 12 phrases in the TARGET LANGUAGE stated below, in the natural capitalisation of that
language. Each phrase between 2 and 40 characters. Build a balanced set of search entrances:

  WHAT THEY SEE    colour, palette, visible elements, surface condition, composition
  WHAT THEY FEEL   the emotional promise of the work, when the reading sustains it. This is the part
                   the site has none of today, so do not skip it: aim for three or four.
  A UNIVERSE THEY  authorised affinity names only, at most two, and only when this particular work
  ALREADY KNOW     performs what the artist says they take from that painter. Artist names are
                   written the same in every language — never translate or localise a proper name.

Phrases normally run two to four words. Never add a generic filler word to reach length.

NEVER include sales language: buying, acquiring, prices, availability, collectors, investment,
interior designers or architects as an audience. Those describe who to sell it to, not what it is,
and they are noise inside structured data.

Do not repeat meaningful words from the artwork title or the artist name — both already travel in
their own fields. No two phrases may express the same search. Avoid curatorial expressions nobody
would type.

OUTPUT — exactly this structure and nothing more. Do not return counts, scores or any validation
status: the application counts and validates everything itself.
{
  "keywords": []
}
