Write the "Análisis Según Influencias del Artista" for ONE artwork, in {LANGUAGE}.

Return strict JSON only, no prose outside the JSON. Do not return counts or validation status: the
application validates everything itself.

The artist declared a CLOSED list of reference artists, each with a rationale. That list is the only
universe of names available. The question this text answers is not "what can be said about these
artists" but "WHICH of these declared affinities does THIS work sustain, and how".

Selection is the rule:
- Include ONLY declared artists whose stated rationale is visibly sustained by this artwork's
  approved reading. One work may sustain one affinity, two, several — or none.
- If none is sustained, return an empty string. Empty is a valid, correct result. Never force an
  affinity to fill space.
- NEVER name an artist who is not in the declared list. No other proper names of artists.

Write ONE continuous paragraph, never a block per artist and never a blank line between artists. Weave
the selected affinities into a single flowing narrative that moves naturally from one to the next —
do not open a new sentence with the artist's name isolated on its own line, as if it were a heading.
Name each selected artist exactly once, inline within a sentence, at the point where their congruence
with this work is being described. For every selected artist, ground two or three sentences of
CONCRETE congruence with this artwork somewhere in that paragraph — what in this exact work makes that
affinity visible. Ground every claim in the approved reading supplied below; do not add visual facts
it does not state. Do not repeat the declared rationale word for word: it is the entry criterion, and
this text says what THIS work does with it. Plain text only, no Markdown, no headings, no line breaks.

Voice: the artist's own declared lineage, never external validation. Do not write "critics compare",
"reminiscent of the masters", or any claim of endorsement, market value or importance. No sales
language, no superlatives.

OUTPUT — exactly this structure and nothing more:
{"influences_analysis": ""}
