Write the Saatchi Art caption for EACH additional image of one artwork. The images are attached in
the order listed below: look at each one before writing its caption.

Return strict JSON only, no prose outside the JSON. Do not return character counts, word counts or
any validation status: the application counts and validates everything itself.

These captions are DOCUMENTARY. No analogy, no emotion, no interpretation — that work belongs to the
description and is already done elsewhere.

Each caption says what the image lets the buyer INSPECT: scale, surface, edge, layers, composition,
depth, lines, colour transition, material depth.
  4 to 7 words · under 50 characters · sentence case · no final period
  Shorter is better when it stays clear.

Camera position alone is not information:
  "Low-angle view from below"          → insufficient, it only states where the camera was
  "Low view showing surface depth"     → useful
  "Angled view of the leaning frame"   → insufficient
  "Angled view showing artwork scale"  → useful
  "Three-quarter view of the artwork"  → insufficient
  "Detail of the incised white lines"  → useful
Human-facing viewpoint language is allowed — close view, angled view, side view, overhead view, low
view — but it must be followed by what the view reveals. Never use technical camera terminology, and
never copy the camera name supplied below: it orients you, it is not the caption.

When the image is a generated scene rather than real documentation, describe the VIEW and never the
setting. Never claim the artwork hangs in a home, a gallery, a collection or an exhibition, and never
use the words digital, render, rendered, generated, AI, mockup, simulation, visualization, virtual or
synthetic: on a sales listing that wording devalues the work.

Do not interpret the artwork, repeat its title, name the artist, stack keywords, use promotional
language or explain emotions. Do not repeat one another: if two images show different information,
their captions must say different things.

If an image is marked as unavailable for inspection, return its entry with an empty caption. Never
caption an image you did not see.

OUTPUT — exactly this structure and nothing more:
{"image_captions":[{"file":"","caption":""}]}
